I have a pal already so we are level 59
right now oh and yeah that's not a good
start
alrighty so we are liberal 59 and I just
wanted to go ahead and show off getting
to level 60 how it you know not really
how it works he doesn't however you just
break you play the game and you level up
so you know what happens when you
prestige do you lose all your guns and
all your weapons and stuff like you know
Call of Duty or is it more like well
hold on there's some other game that you
prestige on and you're actually like
don't lose anything so there's like no
point in it for ghosts even if it's
assassin's creed
anyway a little feeding on right now we
happened to get just this met but we
happen to get this map so I figure you
know it's a sniping math might as well
sleep on it if we were playing as the
Solari
we were playing others level 60 okay
if we were playing as the Solari then we
would be able to use our compound bow
that you unlock at level 58 I've used it
and it's not it's not that much greater
than like this bow the draw time is a
little bit better and the hold time is a
little bit better but when you're using
it you don't really notice that much of
a difference I mean it's still a
one-shot kill when it's fully charged it
has all the same upgrades nothing
special
yeah so I decide I'm going to show up
here getting to level 60 which we've
already gotten to but it is a pretty
good match though it's pretty fun I mean
we took it to almost shoot that guy off
the frickin zipline thanks for that rope
ascender that they get and we get a nice
little lucky shot right
so if it was any other map I'd be using
the hitman absolution shotgun that came
with the game but because we happen to
get this particular map beach then it's
definitely a sniping map for me I'm not
really seeing anybody here so I'm gonna
be at what I pick the zipline it is
forward for this boy we're just gonna
see that's my specialty I figured I
wouldn't pick anything you know super
weird to level up to level 62
that's not gonna be a as long as a video
there's all my other ones but now what
the hell we are fully charged right here
I see we hit the guy and let's say
someone else let's say someone else
building we should have still gotten an
assist let alone us we were probably
supposed to kill them and that's okay
guys you're sitting right there so I've
just been a pretty good shot
kind of running out of commentary parts
to get over and harm the zipline
that's just so satisfying you really
ever get a kill in a zipline a
multi-blade kind of running out of parts
to do for my Tomb Raider I have all the
stuff recorded I just need to make the
commentaries but holy crap BioShock
Infinite is getting pretty darn close
you guys we got less than a week we got
four five days that's our budget if that
comes out I just I did I know I'm not
going to finish ice cream later
walkthrough in time by the time Vash
Griffin it comes out but again like I
mentioned in previous video the thing is
when I give mark infinite I'm going to
play it in three
once all the way through and then the
second time I play it I'll be recording
and those are even right there if you
get to level 60 and then you leave the
game your experience does not get saved
make sure you finish the game make sure
you finish the match anyway so I have
every achievement I'll by the way hold
on let's go up here there's frigate
achievement chatterbox
so annoying so freaking annoying just if
anyone wants help on that just add me or
send me a message or a comment or
something so I have every achievement
except for one which is to buy every
upgrade and multi player character hit
the game I have every single other
achievement I have 980 gamer score in
Tomb Raider and I only need one
achievement left and it's gonna have to
take me to prestige 3 until I can
finally unlock it because there's a
character that you can't unlock until
you've prestige three times which is
just retarded so in order to get that
final achievement it's going to take I
mean I'm gonna get to prestige 3 but we
finally got Laura that was the whole
point of even getting to sixty was I
just want to free-to-play Laura Croft
and when you do for Steve's you do get
to keep Laura this the guy right here
the general oh my god who the hell wants
to perceives three times in this game
maybe twice to hardly even once but no
it's not like Call of Duty where you
know you want to prestige seven times
but let's go ahead and prestige here
actually just press Y and says interpret
each mode it'll reset everything like
level one you lose your weapons you lose
your upgrades the only thing you get to
keep is your Salvage and all the
characters you unlock and that's it
alrighty guys see you next time I'll be
thinking about Bioshock 2 rokosz again
fin it whatever